[Sun Aug 04 2024]

Wow! it's somehow been 3 months since my last update! 
In that time I have moved cross-country to the San Francisco area, 
as hinted at in my previous post. I haven't had much time
to write code in the interim, it has been a pretty time consuming and
stressful process, but we made it! 

We packed everything we owned in to two shipping crates, and put the pets 
in the car and drove an almost straight shot over 5 days across the country. 
We did see some really incredible sights along the way, and as crazy as it 
was to just pick up and move I think we really nailed the entire process. 

The Bay Area is pretty incredible. The weather is amazing, and there
is seemingly limitless stuff to do. We have spent plenty of time
checking out all the local restaurants and exploring the ample outdoor
activities this area provides. 

I am still working East Coast hours, which has been a pretty major shift in
my schedule, and has contributed to nearly constant exhaustion. Working from 6-2
is wild, though it has been pretty awesome getting off of work and still having
my entire day ahead of me. 

Even with all that time I've been finding it difficult to motivate to code... I 
think it's a mixture of exhaustion and being a bit overwhelmed still with the 
whole experience, but my RSS Reader rewrite (did I mention I was doing that?) 
has been pretty much entirely on hold. 

This is unfortunate, mostly, because I am pretty sure the free Postgres DB instance
I was using for the original reader expired so the deployment is now dead. I was really enjoying 
having a curated list of feeds, and not having it for the past few months has left me
feeling a bit disconnected. Perhaps that disconnect is also hampering my urge to code. 

I did recently restructure the entire Rust backend I've been working on. I think 
that if I can just get in there and bust out the API and storage I should be 
able to get the wheels turning on the whole thing again, but starting is always the hardest
part!

Hopefully I will have some more updates in the near future! Even if no one is reading
my intent is to keep coding and keeping this blog to remind myself of my progress. 

I did fix the link to this blog from my main site at least! There's something! 