[Sat Aug 10 2024]

In an effort to finish my Rust powered RSS reader by
the end of the month, I have done a pretty significant
refactor of my blog logic and visuals! 

You may be asking yourself "how does that help move the
RSS reader project forward?" 

It doesn't!!! I just cannot keep myself from procrastinating on
that project for some reason...

Well, that's not entirely true. I have been doing some 
research and tutorials on Rust REST services, and I do
have a demo set up on Shuttle that I am hopeful I will
be able to turn in to a working service soon... But that's
not what I was working on today.

That said, I am procrastinating, and I did finally make a big
change to my blog's general build process and user experience. 

I wanted to make it easier for me to write posts, while automating
all of the obnoxious stuff like moving files around, and routing
a user in the HTML output. 

A few months ago I had done a bunch of work to make it possible 
to have subdirectories in my blog's text_posts dir, which is where
all the actual text content lives. It has been working fine since,
but I never really took the next step of actually creating new non-code 
subjects (until today!!). 

What I really wanted was to be able to write my posts in the subdirectories,
and then have the builder figure out what the 5 latest posts were, and 
make those visible from the root directory when traversing the HTML blog
output. 

The main frustrations there were figuring out how to label the blog posts,
since I've decided to name them terribly out of laziness and a desire for
consistency; I didn't want to have a bunch of duplicate posts being created 
to facilitate routing, and how to make the experience feel as close to the terminal 
as possible, since I have decided to make my life difficult here.

In the end I was able to use a generated suffix on my files to tag them
as CODE or FITNESS or whatever, and add the label to the UI to help specify which
subject they were related to. This only applies to the root directory, since
it'll be pretty obvious what you're looking at in the sub directories.

And for the "Terminal Experience™" I decided that a read-only vi window made
more sense than the cat interface I had been using, because of the way the routing
works. Since with cat your directory doesn't change, having the "cd ../" back-link 
didn't make a lot of sense to me. But with vi, since you're entering a new program,
I could make the back-link ":q" instead, which would be a more sensible return to 
something in a terminal setting. 

The whole terminal concept for the blog is pretty goofy, I think, but I do really
like it. It's something that's been floating around in my head for years,
and I'm honestly psyched I am getting it to a place where it feels kind of legit,
and I honestly don't care if no one else thinks so! 

That's a lie, I do care a little. But I'm pretty sure no one is actually seeing it,
so I can do whatever I want! Even better! 

Anyways, I hope to have the backend for my Rust project done this weekend. And if not,
then next week for sure... right?