[Sat Aug 10 2024]

I have started my next fitness journey! Moving to the
Bay Area has left me a bit sedentary, which is pretty
funny considering how nice it is outside pretty much every
day...

In the past I was mostly getting my physical activity  
while inline skating, which is super fun and doesn't
feel like working out, but since we moved I haven't much felt 
like skating. I think this is mostly due to not being as 
comfortable exploring the area as I had been in our previous 
neighborhood. I think we live in a pretty safe area,
but I don't see very many people just walking around for fun,
or running for exercise, or anything like that. Perhaps I'm
a bit self conscious in this new setting.

There are a few parks around, and skateboarding is pretty big
here, though I haven't picked up my skateboard since the beginning
of Covid. But I do not quite have the confidence yet to go out
to a skate park by myself...

Anyways, I haven't been skating. So what else?

I found a pretty basic beginner strength training regimen online
that seems to be pretty much perfect for my current fitness level. 
The first day totally kicked my butt, but subsequent days have felt
a lot better, while still keeping me sore and feeling good. 

The current plan is to do alternating days of strength training and 
cardio, with one rest day a week. This should keep me pretty active,
even if I'm not skating, and will hopefully help me build some
confidence while I build up the nerve to start skating again. 

The current regiment is:

<b>Weight training</b>

3 cycles of:

- 20 squats

- 10 pushups

- 10 walking lunges

- 10 Dumbbell rows

- 15 second plank

- 30 jumping jacks

<b>Cardio</b>

- 10 mins jump rope

This is all pretty manageable for me currently, but I will
hopefully be bumping up the intensity over time. I don't really
have a fitness goal, specifically, but I am hoping to improve 
my confidence and mental health, mostly. 

I also think that building core strength and balance could help
a lot when I do get back to skating! 

Hopefully good things to come. My plan is to try and do a daily journal
of my progress here, and we'll see where that goes!