[Sat Apr 13 2024]

I have finally got the category filtering merged
for the RSS reader! I took a few days off from working
on it due to exhaustion and a desire to avoid getting
burnt out, but was able to knock it out pretty quickly
today. 

I tackled 4 relatively major issues with this latest release:

1. Filtering by category

I was getting pretty overwhelmed seeing all these RSS
feeds on the front page of the RSS reader with no way
to filter them down. The Verge especially puts out a ton
of content, constantly, and a lot of it I don't actually
care about. 

I've also been really wanting a way to categorize
the different feeds I am following, so I was feeding two
birds with one scone here, I think!

My initial solution for this is just to hard code a few
categories I know I am interested in, and start filling
them out with various related feeds. I can already tell
I am going to want a way to edit feed categories and add
new ones in the future though! Always more work to do. 

I ended up creating a custom checkbox UI selector for 
the category filtering, since the default checkboxes are pretty ugly, 
and I've never really had the opportunity to build out custom 
element styles to this degree. 

I am pretty happy with how the filter UI looks and operates,
and I was happy to have the browser accessibility tools
to help me get them working right for everyone.

2. Database update

I updated the db to accept an enum type for the categories. 
Honestly, I was expecting this to be a little easier than it
was. Both SQLite and Postgres handle enums completely differently,
and I ended up wrestling with them both, which isn't a surprise
given I didn't read the docs at first. What was I thinking?

3. CSS snapping

I had noticed that on Firefox when the page would load 
the default browser styles would appear before my custom styles 
would load. This is called Flash of Unstyled Content (FOUC)
and is apparently pretty common with imported css styles.

It was a minor annoyance, but I had read a blog
post recently about <a href="https://strikingloo.github.io/inlining-css">The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Inlining CSS</a>
and wanted to see if that would help. It's night and day! No
more FOUC at all on any of the browsers I tested, desktop
or mobile! 🙏🏻

4. Chrome Lighthouse reporting

Running the Lighthouse reporting tool in the Chrome dev tools
revealed several issues I had introduced, or just missed,
when setting up my site. 

I was missing a title element, as well as some meta tags,
which would help with SEO, if that's ever something I actually care about. 

But more importantly, it helped me refine the accessibility 
of the custom filter selector I made! I have some previous work experience
with aria tags and screen readers, but it's all very general
knowledge, and not very solid at that. 

The Lighthouse tool let me know that the label elements I'm using for the filter selector
needed to be interactive via the tab and enter keys, and also directed me on
how to set up the tabindex attributes properly to make sure everything is working
well with screen readers. Very excited to have scored a 100 for accessibility,
at least by Chrome's standards! 

That's a lot of stuff! It didn't really seem like it until 
I started writing it out, but I am feeling pretty accomplished
in retrospect!

I think I will be putting this project on the shelf for a little
while. I really want to finish up my A* search algorithm
work, and I have big plans to learn some Rust next! 

Very excited for whatever's next! I'll keep you posted once I've
figured it out for myself...