[Tue Apr 23 2024]

I've just completed my first Rust project!!!

When I go out to learn a new programming language
my first goal is always to learn enough to build
a game of Snake. I find that this covers a lot
of different facets of a language, and is helpful
for wrapping my head around the various quirks 
presented by each one. 

This time the hardest thing to figure out was I/O. 

Formatting the output I wanted to print to the
terminal wasn't too crazy, but pairing that with 
user input was a bit of a beast. 

I started out wanting to only use the standard
rust modules to build the project, since building
everything myself tends to be the most bang for my
buck in learning how things work. Unfortunately, 
I ended up having to use the crossterm crate to 
get me to the finish line. 

This library is a terminal interface helper that
provides all sorts of functions for reading input
and writing (and overwriting) the screen. 

When I first introduced it to my code it completely
hosed my output. Because I wasn't using carriage returns
everything was printing out in this stair step format
on every new line. Once I introduced the carriage 
returns everything printed fine, but I still had
to figure out user input. 

Because this is a real-time game I needed to make
sure the user input wasn't blocking. This was a 
challenge because the crossterm documentation 
isn't particularly helpful in letting you know
how to utilize it's functions, and, probably more so,
because I don't know what I'm doing... Fortunately
crossterm provides a non-blocking poll() function that allows
you to check for input events from the user, which I 
could then use to change the snake's direction. 

Once I got I/O figured the rest was a breeze. Rust's
strict and verbose compiler, as well as VSCode's 
Rust extensions, make it super easy to figure out 
what's wrong with your code, and how to fix it. I 
have been very impressed with the ease in which I 
have been able to iterate on my code, even when
daunted by references and borrowing. 

I went ahead and requested a code review on 
Mastodon... so we'll see if that turns up any assistance. 
As far as I know I don't know any Rust developers 
(Rustaceans?) in real life, so I am relying on the 
internet to help me improve.

In other news, I finally set up a basic home page 
at timpepper.dev. It has a little blurb about me, 
links to my current projects, and some contact info. 

Feel free to reach out, if you're reading this! 
